A young captain of the Atbarian company stood on a crest of a hill, carefully surveying the wooded mountain in front of her. "What do you think, Alyn?"

"I say, " Alyn, her bodygaurd, began, "that although I'm blind, there seems to be an obstacle in our path."

"You're not that blind, " the officer said with a little laugh, "You can see foggy shapes."

"And that's considered 'not-blind', Lys?" Alyn asked. "I still consider that being blind. I use my sharp sense of hearing to make my way around and attack."

"But I thought you couldn't see the blades flying towards you," Lys said, drawing her spatha out of her sheath and examining it.

"I can't most of the time," Alyn admitted. "Usually I can hear the sound of the swing and ususally I can dodge or block accordingly."

"Or get cut," Lys said with a smirk. "C'mon, " she said , sheathing her sword. "We've got to reach the capitol before the meeting."

Alyn nodded. "Riiiight, and why are we going to this meeting?"

"It's a meeting for all officers to congregate talk about plans for the future war."

"All officers, huh?" Alyn mused. "Are bodyguards allowed?" he asked.

"No, sorry," Lys said apologetically. "Only officers."

Alyn shrugged. "Makes no difference to me. Dosen't take much to get what I want." 

"Captain!"

Lys turned to see a girl running up. "What is it Kath?"

Kath bit her lip in consternation. "There are enemy soilders, Furnin soilders, heading here right now! We have to go!"

Alyn sighed. "Since when were you afraid of soilders, Kath?"

Kath glared at him. "There are 3 platoons under Jonah Dower."

Alyn blinked. "Oh. Him."

A young man with strnge blue hair ran up. "Captain, there are 2 platoons of elite soilders coming up the path from the south. Furnin soilders."

Lys bit her tongue to hold the curse that was ready to fly out. "From which direction is the other platoon coming from, Kath?"

"East, captain."

Lys screwed up her nose and thought. She gave a groan of disgust. "We could crush one of the grous, but we only have 6 soilders. Lightly armed."

"I'm the only heavy-armed guy, " the new-comer said with a scratch of his head.

"We'll have to make a run for it. Ugh, I wish we didn't have to do this," Lys said.

"Your orders, Captain," Alyn said calmly, leaning on his long sword.

"We cross over that little mountain. Resistance is useless for now. If they do catch us, we can fight them better in the woods. Lieutenant Gram, give the orders."

"Yes, Captain." The young man with the blue hair ran off.

"Do you think running like this is a wise choice?" Kath asked anxiously. "What if there is a trap?"

"There is nothing I can do if there is one. it's either inevitable death or a trap," Lys explained. "I have a feeling they will be waiting for us at the bottom of the hill."

Within 15 minutes, the small scouting party of 10 fled up the mountain. General Jonah Dower smiled in satisfaction. "They've gone up the mountain. We'll just leave the rest to those worthless thugs of Gonk."

Back up at the mountain-side, Kath leaned against a boulder and let out a laboured wheez. "Gosh, if I knew climbing hills were this hard, I-'d have stayed home."

Gram shrugged. "Live with it. I'm so much more laden than you are, an' I ain't complaining."

Kath sighed and turned to Alyn who was helping Lys up the moutain. "Could you help me up, too?"

Alyn nodded, "Sure, take my hand." He helped her climb up the steep terrain and clambered up afterwards. "I-I think we're at the top."

Lys suddenly dropped to her knees and began gasping. Alarmed, Alyn, Kath and Gram ran over. "High Altitude Air sickness," Alyn said kneeling next to his Captain. "Just breath slowly and deeply captain, take it easy." 

After a little bit of care, Lys was back to normal with just a small headache. "Sorry, " she mumbled, "I forgot I had High altitude air sickness. I'm all right now."

"Are you sure?" Kath asked, concern in her voice. "We can always take a rest."

"Yes, a rest would be good indeed," said a deep, guttural nasty voice.

Alyn cursed. "Blight! How could I miss his footsteps?" he muttered to Kath who was right next to him.

"I believe he was standing there the entire time," she whispered back.

Lys stood up and boldly faced the man who was half-hidden by the leaves and shadows. "Who are you? and what do you wat from us?"

"My job is not to answer questions, " he said with a coarse laugh. "But since you won't make it past us alive... I'm Davaunt."

One of Lys's soilders jumped forward angrilly. "Dog! How dare you address the captain like that? You will pay!" He drew his broad sword and charged Davaunt, but the latter deftly dodged and stabbed him.

"Of course, " Davaunt said, as he surveyed the dismayed faces of Lys's other soldiers. "I didn't come alone."

On cue, a dozen warrior assasins dropped from the trees and drew their swords. "Enjoy," Davaunt said stepping back into the shadows while his evil henchmen began fighting Lys's little detachment.

The soldiers in Lys's regiment were all wiped out except for 1, the most valiant called Brav.

The other 10 assasins(one was killed) busied themselves on killing the captain and her friends.

Alyn ducked a swing and stabbed an assasin in the thigh. they were so light on their feet that he could hardly hear them. "Where the blight are they?" he muttered to himself.

He fought his way to Lys's side and killed an assasin. "Watch your left!" he shouted.

Instinctively Lys wung her sword to her left and managed to block a sword swipe that would have injured her severely. "How'd you know?" she asked as she blocked another attack.

"Heard it, " Alyn replied blocking a sword swing. "It's hard. They're so bloody light on their feet."

Meanwhile, Gram and Kath were fighting back-to-back surrounded by leaping assasins.

"How in blight are we supposed kill them?" Gram grunted as he swung his heavy sword and deflected an attack. "They're so light and quick."

"Not so hard, " Kath said with a pant, "I can fight at their pace. Just don't let anyone stab my back."

"You got it, " Gram replied.

Kath lunged at an assasin at a super dast speed and knocked him over and stabbed him in the back. Gram meanwhile followed her and protected her from the other assasins.

Lys's green hair flew in the increasing wind as she blocked and deftly retaliated with her strengthened spatha. "How many?" she asked her bodyguard.

"Rather hard to tell, " Alyn replied with a grunt.

"Oh, sorry, forgot, " Lys said. She counted 3 assasins left, two fighting her and Alyn and one fighting Kath. The assasins were quickly eliminated and Davaunt was brought before the captain. "Now, Who are you?" Lys demanded.

Davaunt gave a sickly grin. "Try getting anything out of me."

Alyn struck him angrilly(It's up to you to decide wether it was with his sword or not). Davaunt whimpered in pain, but he still kept his mouth shut. Alyn sighed. He really hated this work. He slashed Davaunt's knees, which made him cry out in pain. 

"Okay! Okay! I'll tell you!" he cried. "It was the soldiers of Furnin - they paid me much money if I brought you alive to them."

"What are their plans? I know they would've told you something, " Lys asked next.

Davaunt was reluctant to tell, until Gram backfisted his head with a mailed hand. "Ow! Okay, They're heading to the capitol, Avanstar for some sort of event. I don't know anything else. Spare me!!"

"So now what do we do with him?" Alyn asked his friends when they withdrew, leaving Brav to gaurd the cowering prisoner.

"We can't kill him, 'cause that's murder," Kath said.

"We can tie him up and leave him in the bushes, " Brav suggested from where he stood.

"If he gets free and men, " Alyn said, "Then he will come back for us for more money. We need to kill him or something."

Davaunt became scared, "No-No please don't kill me!!"

Brav smacked him. "Shut it! You're lucky to be alive this long."

Lys glanced at the pathetic figure. "Do away with him. We can't risk him coming after us again. I really hate to do this, but it has to be done."

Brav dragged the man away. Lys turned to her other friends. "What do we do now?" Kath asked.

"Make camp, " Alyn said quietly.

"What? But what if those guys come again?" Gram objected. "We can be easily ambushed."

"No. They probably won't. I'll keep gaurd," Alyn replied.

"We'll make camp," Lys decided. "We leave daybreak."

Later, Lys glanced over at Alyn who was sitting by the fire. She walked over to him and sat next to him. "Hey, " she began.

"Hey, " Alyn greeted quietly. "So far, I don't hear anything."

"Oh, yeah. Neither do I," Lys said. "You should sleep - aren't you tired?"

"Naw. I'm not that tired. Just a little hurt."

"Where?" Lys demanded suddenly. "Show me."

Alyn sighed. "Oh dear, I wish I kept my mouth shut." With a defeated sigh, he held out his hand. "I got it cut - I stopped a sword thrust that was coming for your head. Guess my chain-mailed glove didn't stop it."

"You took care of it pretty well, " Lys complemented. "I guess I can't do anything."

"I learned how to heal when I took care of my mother until she died," Alyn explained.

"I'm sorry to hear that, " Lys said. "It's pretty chilly out."

"Here, take this, " Alyn said, wrapping a cloak around her shoulders. "I don't need this."

"But you need it, " Lys protested.
